hi everyone welcome to ask this place
today I'm here to help Terry who is from
South Africa out with a design she's got
some big Pro tears she's got some
succulents she's got some Iranian leaves
some fan leaves and she also had a
little bit of willow and she wanted to
know how to do something really simple
that was everlasting or long-lasting
that she could do now put on a sideboard
walk away that end Terry I have been to
the end of the world and I found
artificial ones not quite as good as
yours but they will do you also said
that you had a reed cube that you're
working in so let us proceed now I'm
also going to use the green foam that
I've weird it's not really designed for
the artificial flowers but I actually
want to put fresh flowers into this as I
go along and I say hey why not why can't
you just do what you want to do just
using forms I love it breaking all the
rules okay so starting off with your
monster leaves get those and oh sorry
these are raelia leaves you could use
monstera leaves if you wanted to so I've
got four of those I'll just put those
into each corner have some going up have
some going down doesn't really matter
because I sort of think that by using
big Bertha's like these these are sort
of like a formal informal kind of a
flower and when I looked into your house
thank you so much Terry for sending me a
photograph of the location makes my job
so so much easier I just thought to
myself look we'll do something not too
formal something sort of like a with a
little bit of an edge on it and then
I'll put that leaf into the air
so I've routes from the outside in and
I've come in a couple of centimetres as
I've gone right because you've got those
leaves and let's just put another group
of Leeson and the great thing is like I
really am breaking all the rules because
you wouldn't use this tropical fan pam
with those that do you know what it's a
lovely complement reform and I like it
so I'm I'm going to use it now because
it's got these little spiky bits up here
I sort of think that they would be quite
nice to be putting into the design
you're all setting up and I'll just cut
this bit off here cos it's a bit tall
and I'll just put that
right down into the elated ohyeah
already studied come now I don't like
this but here and teary I know that
you've got a mirror behind it so just
keep that just a little bit shorter and
push that down into the yes and it's
quite nice with this lovely flat plane
here and these lovely little spiky bits
up there right the next thing to put in
is some willow I'm this willow is
fantastic and I'm just for all of those
who have asked me and there have been
literally thousands of you where do I
get my silk flowers from I want you to
know that I've just about got us haven't
I'm just waiting on a company in China
to come back to me to tell me whether we
can do a deal with them so that the
materials I use you can also purchase
right we're going to push that down into
this so we'll have a little bit of
height coming up through there you can
have this as high as low as you want to
now I was going to use this branch here
with the berries on it but I felt that
it was too messy and I'll show you when
I finished why I decided to go with the
willow as opposed to this now the other
thing is you could use before the leaf
starts in its beer form like this thing
I really love using the fresh willow end
with my designing and because of the
little when once it gets into that
moisture through those little leaves
camera can sort of into their own and it
sort of continues to grow or love that
right we've only got three of these so I
thought that the best way forward right
here in wonder you need big hands with
us right that can go into them going to
put run into there like there and then
I'm going to bring these two I've only
got three as you have teary so we'll
just rip block three
so one there and then let's bring one
down into there and I think I'll bring
the other one down and he says that they
sweep around and make that quite short
Oh honestly China please stop putting
such he'd be wise into things okay so
they're two deer and then let's just
bring that down into there so that when
you look at it what's actually happening
is they sort of like stepping down and
around you could take that a little bit
lower if you wanted to but I think it's
fine for their right you also said that
you had some succulents not quite like
yours but quite nice and I actually like
the thought of using these that was a
good selection tea
so you've got this big big heavy flower
here and then the visual weight of the
succulents going to work quite nicely
right so I'm going to put one run the
back to there and then bring one down
and to the end I'll show you what I'm
doing in a minute so that these also
slip down so one there one there and
then bring the slightly smaller one down
and to be that I am very pleased with
and because you've got the mirror at the
bacteria you'll be able to see that now
as I was saying I do like that actually
this is better than I thought it was
going to go just take that down just a
little bit shorter and if you had a
fourth one you could perhaps put that
into there that a lovely little plane of
those into there but if you've got fresh
ones you can put those into that and
from there if you've got plenty ol eyes
if you've got boughs of Ireland you
could put the fresh ones into it and to
keep that with the foam nice and clean
and free of bacteria whew you are going
to combine the two forms together just
put a little bit of gin Ola or household
bleach into the water and then just pour
it into there now as I was saying I
could have used this beautiful berry
here and it does work because those
blackberries they just do connect in
with that that what I thought and I'll
show you what I mean I feel that it's
just a little bit too messy so if you
either everand out the way forward is
leave it out but I think that that is
fantastic nice standalone simple you
didn't want much teary and I think this
is fantastic the other thing is that
there are all sorts of other evergreens
sort of like I call them like filling
greenery foliage from for the autumn
like Lucas benhams and things like that
you could put fresh ones of those and
because they will dry off and also you
could you do this design with the fresh
ones and they would just drive as well I
hope you've enjoyed this I've enjoyed
doing it and it just reminds me of my
time in South Africa and I hope I get to
come back there another day thanks for
watching hope it out to Tyrion I see
another day
you